CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Learn.co Curriculum

We're really excited that you're about to contribute to the [open curriculum](https://learn.co/content-license) on [Learn.co](https://learn.co). If this is your first time contributing, please continue reading to learn how to make the most meaningful and useful impact possible.

## Raising an Issue to Encourage a Contribution

If you notice a problem with the curriculum that you believe needs improvement
but you're unable to make the change yourself, you should raise a Github issue
containing a clear description of the problem. Include relevant snippets of
the content and/or screenshots if applicable. Curriculum owners regularly review
issue lists and your issue will be prioritized and addressed as appropriate.

## Submitting a Pull Request to Suggest an Improvement

If you see an opportunity for improvement and can make the change yourself go
ahead and use a typical git workflow to make it happen:

* Fork this curriculum repository
* Make the change on your fork, with descriptive commits in the standard format
* Open a Pull Request against this repo

A curriculum owner will review your change and approve or comment on it in due
course.

# Why Contribute?

Curriculum on Learn is publicly and freely available under Learn's
[Educational Content License](https://learn.co/content-license). By
embracing an open-source contribution model, our goal is for the curriculum
on Learn to become, in time, the best educational content the world has
ever seen.

We need help from the community of Learners to maintain and improve the
educational content. Everything from fixing typos, to correcting
out-dated information, to improving exposition, to adding better examples,
to fixing tests—all contributions to making the curriculum more effective are
welcome.

Commit message:

final commit with finalized README, CONTRIBUTING, and LICENSE files

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Attract-US

We're really excited that you're about to contribute to the Attract-US Command Line Interface application. If this is your first time contributing, please continue reading to learn how to make the most meaningful and useful impact possible.

## Raising an Issue to Encourage a Contribution

If you notice a problem with the application that you believe needs improvement but you're unable to make the change yourself, you should raise a Github issue
containing a clear description of the problem. Include relevant snippets of the content and/or screenshots if applicable. We regularly review issue lists and your issue will be prioritized and addressed as appropriate.

## Submitting a Pull Request to Suggest an Improvement

If you see an opportunity for improvement and can make the change yourself go ahead and use a typical git workflow to make it happen:

* Fork this application's repository
* Make the change on your fork, with descriptive commits in the standard format
* Open a Pull Request against this repo

We will review your change and approve or comment on it in due course.

# Why Contribute?

By embracing an open-source contribution model, our goal is for the Attract-US application to become, in time, the best attraction-based CLI application the world has ever seen.

We need help from the community of Attract-US users to maintain and improve the application's content. Everything from fixing typos, to correcting outdated information, to adding more features - all contributions to making the application more effective (if that's even possible) are welcome!
